That's right, that's him.
I know it all
Chen Meimei, the owner, I understand
Fang Shiqiang and Chen Meimei are playing Immortal Jump
What kind of disaster do they want to murder you?
Kelu
Let me see the bitch who framed me five years ago
Yes
It's all your doing
Check it out, it's all on the news
The charity fund can't be saved
Cut it off, sister
I have been working hard on charitable foundations for many years
Hundreds of millions of dollars a year
Cut me off like this
What a pity!
You you
I think I'm greedy enough, you are more greedy than me
You can at least take out tens of millions for hundreds of millions.
It's good to look good.
You are really ironclad
Hmph, it's all that Ouyang abandoned building
I must kill him
Who are you going to kill?
Wife, you are here
Sit down, Uncle Fang, don't be so outsider
We're almost a family